Terms of use and privacy policy

In order to better provide services for you, please carefully read the "Terms of Use and Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this agreement"). Before you start using this software and related services, please read and fully understand this agreement, especially the terms related to the exemption or limitation of liability, the terms of rights and permissions and the use of information, the terms of agreeing to open and use special single services Applicable laws and dispute resolution clauses. If you are under the age of 18, please read and understand this agreement carefully with the legal guardian, and download the software after obtaining the consent of the legal guardian.

If you use this software and related services, you are deemed to have fully understood this agreement and promised to be bound by the agreement as a party to this agreement.

1. Scope of application
1.1 This agreement is an agreement between you and us (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") for you to download, install, use this software, and obtain the related services provided by this software. With regard to certain services involved under this agreement, you know and agree to accept the above-mentioned services, which means that you accept the relevant rights and obligations between the two parties and are also bound by this agreement.
1.2 "User" refers to all users who directly or indirectly acquire and use this software and related services, including natural persons, legal persons and other organizations. Referred to as "user" or "you" in this agreement.
1.3 The content of this agreement also includes relevant agreements and rules regarding the software and related services that the company has released and may continue to release in the future. Once the aforementioned content is officially released and delivered to users in an appropriate manner (website announcements, system notifications, etc.), it is an integral part of this agreement, and you should also abide by it.
2. Related services
2.1 You can obtain this software client application or visit this software-related website through pre-installation, third-party downloads authorized by the company, etc. If you do not obtain the software from the company or a third party authorized by the company, the company cannot guarantee that the unofficial version of the software can be used normally, and the losses you suffer are not related to the company.
2.2 The company may have developed different application software versions for different terminal devices. You should obtain, download, and install the appropriate version according to the actual device status.
2.3 You can use this software and related services or update this APP version according to your own needs. If you no longer need to use this software and related services, you can uninstall it yourself.
2.4 In order to better improve the user experience and services, the company will provide software updates or changes from time to time (including but not limited to software modification, upgrade, function enhancement, development of new services, software replacement, etc.). In order to ensure the safety of this software and related services and improve user services, after the update of this software and related services or the update of some service contents, the company will, if possible, prompt users by including but not limited to system prompts, announcements, internal messages , The user has the right to choose to accept the updated version or service, if the user does not accept, some functions will be restricted or can not continue to use.
2.5 Unless you have obtained prior written authorization from the company, you may not perform unauthorized access or use of this software and related services in any form, including but not limited to adaptation, copying, dissemination, vertical search, mirroring, or transactions.
2.6 You understand that your use of this software and related services requires you to prepare terminal devices (such as computers, mobile phones, etc.) related to the software and related services. Once you open this software in its terminal device, you are deemed to use this software and related services. Related Services. In order to fully realize all the functions of this software, you may need to connect its terminal equipment to the network, and you understand that you need to bear the costs (such as traffic charges, Internet access fees, etc.).
2.7 The company licenses your personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-commercial legal rights to use this software and related services. All other rights not expressly authorized in this agreement are still reserved by the company. You must obtain the company's written permission when exercising these rights. At the same time, if the company does not exercise any of the foregoing rights, it does not constitute a waiver of that right.

3. Protection of user personal information
3.1 The company and the user work together to protect the user's personal information (that is, information that can identify the user's identity independently or in combination with other information). Protecting the user's personal information is one of the company's basic principles.
3.2 The company will use the security technology and other security measures matching this software and related services and establish a perfect management system to protect your personal information.
3.3 Without your permission, we will not share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information to any third party, except for the following situations:
(1) Obtain your explicit authorization and consent in advance;
(2) You share, transfer, or disclose to third parties yourself;
(3) Directly related to national security, national defense security, public security, public health, and public interests;
(4) According to the applicable laws and regulations, the requirements of statutory procedures, and mandatory administrative and judicial requirements, disclosure or provision is necessary, or it is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; The type of personal information required and the method of disclosure publicly disclose your personal information. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when we receive the above-mentioned request for information disclosure, we will request that a corresponding legal document, such as a subpoena or investigation letter, be issued. We will conduct a cautious review of all requests to ensure that it has a legal basis and is limited to data that the administrative and judicial departments have legal rights to obtain for specific investigation purposes;
(5) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to maintain the legal rights and interests of other users of this APP, the company and its affiliates, control the life and property of the company, or the safe and stable operation of rights-protected products or services, such as search and prevention , Dealing with illegal activities such as fraud and reducing credit risk, etc .; but this does not include violating the commitments made in this privacy policy and making public or providing personal information for profitable purposes;
(6) The company filed a lawsuit or arbitration against users in order to protect its legitimate rights and interests;
(7) When involving mergers, divisions, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions, if personal information transfer is involved, the company will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise , The company has the right to request the company and organization to obtain your authorized consent again;
(8) Personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(9) For the purpose of academic research, or for academic research institutions, it is necessary to conduct statistics or academic research for public interest, and provide the results of academic research or descriptions to the outside world, de-identify the personal information contained in the results of;
(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

4. User behavior norms

4.1 User behavior requirements
You should be responsible for your use of this product and related services. Unless permitted by law or with the company's prior written permission, your use of this software and related services must not have the following behaviors:
4.1.1 Use any plug-ins, plug-ins, systems, or third-party tools that are not authorized or licensed by the company to interfere, destroy, modify, or otherwise affect the normal operation of this software and related services.
4.1.2 Use or target this software and related services for any actions that endanger the security of the computer network, including but not limited to:
(1) Illegal intrusion into other people ’s networks, interference with the normal functions of others ’networks, theft of network data and other activities that endanger network security;
(2) Provide programs and tools specially used to invade the network, interfere with the normal functions and protective measures of the network, steal network data and other activities that endanger network security;
(3) If you know that others are engaged in activities that endanger network security, provide them with technical support, advertising promotion, payment settlement and other assistance
(4) Use unauthorized data or enter unauthorized server / account;
(5) Enter the public computer network or other person's computer system without permission and delete, modify, or add storage information;
(6) Unauthorized attempts to probe, scan, and test the weaknesses of this system or network or other acts that disrupt network security;
(7) Attempt to interfere with or disrupt the normal operation of this system or website, intentionally spread malicious programs or viruses, and other acts that disrupt or interfere with normal network information services;
(8) Fake TCP / IP packet name or partial name.
4.1.3 Reverse engineer, disassemble, compile or otherwise try to find the source code of this software.
4.1.4 Violation of laws and regulations, this agreement, the company's relevant rules and other acts that violate the legal rights of others.
In any case, if the company has reason to believe that any of your actions violate or may violate the above agreement, the company can independently judge and deal with it, and at any time has the right to terminate the provision of services to users without any prior notice. And pursue relevant responsibilities.

5. Data usage specifications
5.1 Without the company's written permission, the user shall not voluntarily or authorize, allow, or assist any third party to perform the following actions on the information content of this software and related services in this agreement:
(1) Copy, read, and use the information content of this software and related services for commercial purposes including but not limited to publicity, increased reading, and browsing;
(2) Unauthorized editing, arrangement, and arrangement of the information content of this software and related services and display on channels other than the source page of this software and related services;
(3) Adopting any form of identification methods including but not limited to special logos, special codes, etc., or assisting a third party to generate traffic, reading guidance, transfer, hijacking and other adverse effects on the information or content of this software and related services ;
(4) Other acts of illegally obtaining information content of this software and related services.

6.2 After the company's written permission, users' sharing and forwarding of information and content of this software and related services shall also comply with the following specifications:
(1) Relevant data such as crawling, statistics, and related search hot words, hit rate, classification, search volume, click rate, reading volume, etc., shall not be publicized and provided in any way without the company's prior written consent , Leaked to any third person;
(2) Do not make any changes to the source webpage of this software and related services in any form, including but not limited to the homepage of this software and related services, links to advertising systems, etc., nor to the source page of this software and related services Demonstrate any obstruction, insertion, pop-up and other obstacles;
(3) Safe, effective and strict measures should be taken to prevent the information content of this software and related services from being illegally obtained by any third party through any form including but not limited to "spider" programs;
(4) The relevant data content shall not be used for purposes outside the scope of the company's written permission, for any form of sales and commercial use, or to leak, provide or allow the third party to use it in any way.
(5) The user's behavior of sharing, forwarding, and copying the software and related service information content to any third party should also comply with other specifications and standards formulated by the company for this purpose.

6. Handling breach of contract
6.1 In response to your violation of this agreement or other service terms, the company has the right to independently judge and take measures according to the situation and has the right to announce the processing results, and has the right to decide whether to resume use according to the actual situation. Relevant records of suspected violations of laws, regulations and crimes will be kept, and reported to relevant competent authorities in accordance with law and cooperate with relevant competent authorities in their investigations.
6.2 If you violate the provisions of this agreement or other service terms and cause third-party complaints or litigation claims, you shall bear all legal responsibilities. If your company or its affiliates or control company compensates any third party due to your illegal or breach of contract or is punished by state authorities, you shall also fully compensate the company and its affiliates or control company for all losses suffered as a result.

7. Change, interruption and termination of services
7.1 You understand and agree that the software and related services provided by the company are provided in accordance with the status quo that can be achieved by existing technology and conditions. The company will do its utmost to provide services to you to ensure the continuity and security of the service. You understand that the company cannot foresee and prevent technology and other risks at any time, including but not limited to force majeure, viruses, Trojan horses, hacker attacks, system instability, third-party service defects, and other various security issues. , Data loss and other losses and risks.
7.2 You understand and agree that the company has the right to modify, interrupt, suspend or terminate this software and related services after the announcement for the purpose of serving the overall operation of the company without being responsible or liable for any compensation to the user.

8. Advertising
8.1 During your use of this software and related services, you fully understand and agree that: this service may include information, advertising or brand promotion services launched by the company for individuals or enterprises. You agree that the company has the right to display in this software and related services Commercial advertising, promotion or information (including commercial or non-commercial information) related to this software and related services and / or third-party vendors and partners.
8.2 If you do not agree to the advertisement, you have the right to choose to close the advertisement information; if you use this APP push notification service, you have the right to close the service yourself or you can stop using the software and related services.
8.3 The company fulfills its obligations related to advertising and promotion in accordance with the law. You should judge the authenticity and reliability of the advertisement or promotion information and be responsible for your own judgment. Except as clearly stipulated by laws and regulations, the user shall bear the responsibility for the purchase, transaction or damage or loss caused by the advertisement or promotion information, and the company shall not be liable.

9. Intellectual Property
9.1 The intellectual property rights of the content provided by the company in this software and related services (including but not limited to software, technology, programs, web pages, text, pictures, images, audio, video, charts, layout design, electronic documents, etc.) belong to the company . The copyright, patent rights and other intellectual property rights of the software that the company relies on when providing this service are owned by the company. Without the permission of the company, no one may use it without permission (including but not limited to monitoring, copying, disseminating, displaying, mirroring, uploading, downloading the content of this software and related services through any robots, spiders and other programs or devices).
9.2 The company provides technical support for the development and operation of this APP, and has all rights to all data and information generated during the development and operation of this software and related services.
9.3 In any case, please do not use any company's trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, website names or other distinctive brand features, including but not limited to this APP (hereinafter collectively referred to as "logo"). Without the company's prior written consent, you may not display, use or apply for trademark registration, domain name registration, etc., in any way, alone or in combination, nor express or imply the right to display, use or otherwise The right to deal with the behavior of these signs. If you use the above-mentioned trademarks and logos of the company in violation of this agreement to cause losses to the company or others, you shall bear all legal liabilities.
9.4 The copyright of all content downloaded by users through this APP belongs to the original author. The sharing or reprinting of these contents by users is restricted by the relevant provisions of the original content source. This APP does not provide any copyright license.
9.5 Any user can download wallpapers published by others for personal use, but the copyright of these wallpapers still belongs to the original author. The downloader should indicate the original author when sharing or reprinting, and promise not to use these wallpapers for any commercial purposes. If any user violates the relevant rights of the original author of the wallpaper, this APP will not bear related responsibilities.

10. Privacy Policy
This APP attaches great importance to the protection of user information. Before using this software and related services, please read this privacy policy carefully. The company may collect and use your relevant information. Once you choose to use this software and related services, it means I agree that the company collects, uses (including commercial cooperative use), and stores your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy.
10.1 Scope and method of possible collection of personal information

1. Information obtained because of your use of this software and service
1.1 Log information, when you use this software and service, we will automatically collect your use of our service and save it as relevant network logs. For example, your search query content, IP address, browser type, language used, date and time of access to the service, cookies, web beacon, etc.
1.2 Device or application information, some mobile devices or applications contain a unique application number. For example, the configuration information, device version number, device identification code, IP address, etc. provided by the mobile device, browser or other programs you use to access this APP service.

In order to provide better service and improve user experience, this software may record hardware model, operating system version number, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), network equipment hardware address (MAC) and other information data.
1.3 Location information, when you turn on the device location function and use this arrangement to provide related services based on location, after obtaining your consent, we will use various technologies to locate, so that you do not need to manually enter your own geographic coordinates Get related services. These technologies include IP addresses, GPS, and other sensors that can provide relevant information (such as the need to provide information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points, and base stations). You can stop telling the software about your geographic location by turning off the positioning function (most mobile devices allow you to turn off the positioning service, it is recommended that you contact the service provider or manufacturer of your mobile device).

2. When you use this APP's search service, we will collect your query keyword information, device information, etc. In order to provide efficient search services, some of this information will be temporarily stored in your local storage device. Here, you need to note that your keyword information cannot individually identify your personal identity, and it does not belong to your personal information, so we have the right to use it for other purposes; only when you search for keywords When the information is related to your other information and can identify your personal identity, during the combined use, we will use your search keyword information as your personal information, and your search history in accordance with this privacy policy Handle and protect it.


10.2 Storage of personal information

1. Where the information is stored
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we store your personal information collected in the territory of the People's Republic of China.

2. Storage period
We only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and the time limit required by laws and regulations.

10.3 Use of cookies and similar technologies
1. When you use this product or service, in order to make your access experience easier, we may use various technologies to collect and store information, in the process may send one or more cookies to your device Or anonymous identifier. This is done to understand your usage habits, save you the need to repeatedly enter registration information and other steps, or help judge your account security.

2. When you use this product or service, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect your information for understanding your preferences, for consultation or data analysis, to improve product service, that is, user experience, to improve advertising effectiveness, and to discover and promptly Prevent security risks and provide better services for users and partners.

3. We will not use cookies for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. You can retain or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved in the software or webpage.

10.4 Possible ways of using personal information

1. We will use the personal information collected in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy and to realize the functions of our products and / or services.
2. By using the data of the collected information, this software will be able to provide you with as much personalized service as possible and improve existing services.
3. By using the data of the collected information, this software provides you with more relevant advertisements to replace the general advertisements.
4. When we provide services, it is used for identity verification, customer service, security precautions, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes to ensure the safety of the products and services we provide to you.
5. Through the use of the collected data, we can better understand how you access and use our services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and Instructions etc.
6. In order to ensure the security of the service and help us better understand the operation of our application, we may record relevant information data, such as how often you use the application, crash data, overall usage, performance data, etc. We will not combine the information we store in the analysis software with any personally identifiable information you provide in the application.
7. In order to give you a better experience, improve our services or other uses that you agree to, we may collect the information data collected through a service under the premise of complying with relevant laws and regulations to collect the information data or Personalized way for our other services. For example, the information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content, or to show you non-universally pushed information related to you. If we provide corresponding options in related services, you can also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by this service for our other services.
8. After collecting your personal information, we will de-identify the data through technical means, and the de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that in this case, we have the right to use the de-identified information; and without revealing your personal information, we have the right to analyze and commercialize the user database.
9. Please note that all personal information you provide when using our products and / or services will continue to be authorized during your use of our products and / or services unless you delete or refuse to collect them through system settings. We use.
10. We will make statistics on the usage of our products and / or services, and may share these statistics with the public or third parties to show the overall usage trends of our products and / or services. However, these statistics do not contain any identification information about you.

10.5 Possible ways of sharing personal information

Except for the following circumstances, without your consent, we and our affiliates and control companies will not share your personal information with any third party:
1. As our business continues to develop, we and our affiliates may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions. Your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will transfer We will inform you beforehand that we will continue to protect or require new controllers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and the standards required by this privacy policy.
2. Without your permission, we will not share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information to any third party, except for the following situations:
(1) Obtain your explicit authorization and consent in advance;
(2) You share, transfer, or disclose to third parties yourself;
(3) Directly related to national security, national defense security, public security, public health, and public interests;
(4) According to the applicable laws and regulations, the requirements of statutory procedures, and mandatory administrative and judicial requirements, disclosure or provision is necessary, or it is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; The type of personal information required and the method of disclosure publicly disclose your personal information. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when we receive the above-mentioned request for information disclosure, we will request that a corresponding legal document, such as a subpoena or investigation letter, be issued. We will conduct a cautious review of all requests to ensure that it has a legal basis and is limited to data that the administrative and judicial departments have legal rights to obtain for specific investigation purposes;
(5) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to maintain the legal rights and interests of other users of this APP, the company and its affiliates, control the life and property of the company, or the safe and stable operation of rights-protected products or services, such as search and prevention , Dealing with illegal activities such as fraud and reducing credit risk, etc .; but this does not include violating the commitments made in this privacy policy and making public or providing personal information for profitable purposes;
(6) The company filed a lawsuit or arbitration against users in order to protect its legitimate rights and interests;
(7) When involving mergers, divisions, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions, if personal information transfer is involved, the company will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise , The company has the right to request the company and organization to obtain your authorized consent again;
(8) Personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(9) For the purpose of academic research, or for academic research institutions, it is necessary to conduct statistics or academic research for public interest, and provide the results of academic research or descriptions to the outside world, de-identify the personal information contained in the results of;
(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

10.6 Personal information security protection
1. We attach great importance to information security. We strive to take various reasonable physical, electronic and management security measures to protect your personal information and prevent your information from being used improperly or from unauthorized access, use or leakage.
2. We will use encryption technology, anonymization and other means to protect your personal information; we will use a trusted protection mechanism to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked.
3. We have established a dedicated security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt strict data use and access systems to conduct security audits on data and technology. We will formulate an emergency response plan, and we will immediately start an emergency response plan to prevent personal information leakage and other security incidents to prevent the expansion of security incidents.
4. Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by the relevant laws have been followed, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security Measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors outside our control.
5. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, you Suggestions to prevent and reduce risks independently, remedies for you, etc. We will promptly inform you about the event in the form of push notifications, emails, letters, text messages, etc. When it is difficult to inform users of the information subject one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to make announcements.
6. At the same time, we will also report the handling of user information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.

Please be aware that the personal information protection measures provided by this APP only apply to this platform. Once you leave this APP and browse or use other websites, services and content resources, we have no ability and obligation to protect your websites outside this APP Any personal information submitted, whether you log in or browse the above website is based on this APP link or guidance.

10.7 Inapplicability of this privacy policy
1. This privacy policy does not apply to the following situations:
1.1 Information collected by third-party services (including any third-party applications and websites) accessed through this software and service;
1.2 Information collected by other companies, institutions or organizations that perform advertising services in this software and service.

2. Our services may include or link to information or other services (including websites) provided by third parties. These third-party services may be operated by relevant third parties. Your use of such third-party services (including any personal information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third-party's terms of service and privacy terms (not this Privacy Policy), and you need to read their terms carefully. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. This privacy policy only applies to the information we collect, save, use, share, and disclose, and does not apply to any third-party services or third-party information use rules. We are not responsible for any third-party use of information provided by you Any responsibility.

11. Disclaimer
11.1 You understand and agree that this software and related services may be affected or interfered by various factors, and the company does not guarantee (including but not limited to):
11.1.1 The company is fully suitable for the user's use requirements;
11.1.2 The company is not disturbed, timely, safe, reliable or free of errors; any software, services or other materials obtained by the user through the company meet the user's expectations;
11.1.3 Any errors in the software will be corrected.
11.2 For information about network information, account passwords, advertisements, or promotion that are suspected of borrowing or other property-related information, users should be cautious and make their own judgments. For the foregoing reasons, you will suffer profits, business reputation, data loss, or other tangible or intangible The company shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive damages.
11.3 The user understands and agrees that during the use of this software and related services, force majeure and other factors may be encountered (force majeure refers to objective events that cannot be foreseen, overcome, and unavoidable), including but not limited to government actions, natural disasters, and networks Cause, hacking, war, or any other similar incident. In the event of force majeure, the company will endeavor to repair it in a timely manner, but due to the force majeure caused losses to the user, the user agrees that the company does not assume responsibility.
11.4 The company obtains the right to deal with illegal content in accordance with this agreement. This right does not constitute an obligation or commitment of the company. The company cannot guarantee that the illegal behavior is found in time or handled accordingly.
11.5 The user reads, understands and agrees: Regarding the services of this agreement, the company does not provide any kind of express or implied warranty or conditions, including but not limited to commercial suitability, suitability for specific purposes, etc. Your use of the software and related services of this agreement must be at your own risk.
11.6 The user reads, understands and agrees that this agreement is to ensure compliance with national laws and regulations, maintain public order and good customs, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of others. The company makes its best efforts to make judgments in accordance with relevant laws and regulations within its ability, but does not guarantee that the company's judgment is completely Judiciary and administrative organs have the same judgment. If the consequences arising therefrom have been understood and agreed to be borne by the user.


12. Other
12.1 The establishment, entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of mainland China. If any provisions of this agreement are invalid due to conflicts with the laws of the mainland of the People's Republic of China, these terms will be re-analyzed as close as possible to the original provisions of this agreement, and other provisions of this agreement shall still have full effect and effect.
12.2 The place for signing this agreement is Fuzhou City, Fujian Province, People's Republic of China. If you have a dispute with the company, both parties should try to resolve the issue through friendly negotiation.
12.3 The company has the right to modify this agreement according to the changing needs of national policies, technical conditions, product functions, etc. The company will publish the revised agreement. Once the aforementioned content is officially released and delivered to users in an appropriate manner (website announcements, system notifications, etc.), it is an integral part of this agreement, and you should also abide by it. If you have any objection to the revised agreement, please stop using this software and related services immediately. If you use this software and related services, you are deemed to approve the revised agreement.
12.4 The title in this agreement is for convenience and reading only, and does not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision in this agreement.
12.5 You and the company are independent entities. In any case, this agreement does not constitute any form of express or implied guarantee or condition for the user by the company, nor does it constitute an agency, partnership, joint venture or employment relationship between the two parties.
12.6 If you use apps from the Apple App Store, the following additional terms and conditions apply to you. If the other terms and conditions of this agreement are less restrictive than the terms and conditions of this article or conflict with the terms and conditions of this article, the stricter or conflicting terms and conditions of this article apply, but only for APP Apple App Store.
12.7 You hereby irrevocably release unconditionally and permanently release any and all claims, demands and actions of any third party (and its suppliers) on the interaction, act or omission of any third party with any third party Rights, whether it is now known or unknown services, other APP users or third-party advertisers. If you are a resident of California, you hereby agree to the above California Civil Code No. 1542 on the above provisions, which states: "General lifting of restrictions does not apply to the time when the creditor does not know or suspect that it exists or she is performing the release , If he or she is known, it must seriously affect his or her settlement with the debtor.

12.8 If you have comments on this agreement or need to contact us, please send an email to the company's customer service: nihao28792901384@sina.com
